# AI Reflection

When it came to using AI on this project, I told it that I wanted to develop an app that was able to keep track of my jumps for my track season. I also told it some of the features I wanted like showing me my personal bests, being able to see the all of the jumps ive ever logged, and something to show my progress over time. At first it just printed out code but then I told it every line of code needed to be my own so it instead helped me by telling me what I needed to use to develop the code for the app by showing me examples and asking me questions like, "how would you write this in a for loop and a if statement?" and I would type out the code and pasted what I had to the AI to verify that line of code was correct. I would also use it if I was getting an error code for example, When the app crashed with a TypeError on option 3, I pasted the error and AI explained why it happened. I then went into jump.py and fixed it. 

What I learned from using AI this way was that its really beneficial when it works alongside with you instead of doing everything for you. A lot of students when it comes to using AI would just ask to do everything for them and call it a day, but you dont learn anything from doing that and its not your own work. AI is a really useful tool when you use it the right way and you can benefit from it in so many ways like learning from it. 

How I made sure the code was my own was I typed every single line of code myself into VS code and did not copy code from anywhere else. When AI showed me an example, I retyped everything to make sure I understood it. If I didnt understand something, I would ask questions till I understood it before moving on. I added citations when I received help from AI. And I turned off any AI generation tools.  